Documentation improvement (#125)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W15-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

## **Acknowledgements**

> * This product is adapted from [SoConnect Level-3](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s1.github.io/tp/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This product is adapted from [AddressBook Level-3](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s1.github.io/tp/).
```

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">

> :bulb: **Tip:** The `.puml` files used to create diagrams in this document can be found in the [diagrams](https://github.com/se-edu/SoConnect-level3/tree/master/docs/diagrams/) folder. Refer to the [_PlantUML Tutorial_ at se-edu/guides](https://se-education.org/guides/tutorials/plantUml.html) to learn how to create and edit diagrams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:bulb: **Tip:** The `.puml` files used to create diagrams in this document can be found in the [diagrams](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/tree/master/docs/diagrams/) folder. Refer to the [_PlantUML Tutorial_ at se-edu/guides](https://se-education.org/guides/tutorials/plantUml.html) to learn how to create and edit diagrams.
```

</div>

> Step 4. The user is shown the searched list. The searched list contains all contacts that are relevant to the user's search query.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion, maybe `filtered list` might be better instead of `searched list`?

Author: Agree!
